do configure
interface range ethernet all
switchport allowed vlan remove 1
exit
interface range vlan device 0 vid 2-13,25,27,300
exit
interface range vlan device 1 vid 14-26,300
exit
interface range ethernet 0/0,1
switchport allowed vlan add 2 untagged
switchport pvid 2
exit
interface range ethernet 0/2,3
switchport allowed vlan add 3 untagged
switchport pvid 3
exit
interface range ethernet 0/4,5
switchport allowed vlan add 4 untagged
switchport pvid 4
exit
interface range ethernet 0/6,7
switchport allowed vlan add 5 untagged
switchport pvid 5
exit
interface range ethernet 0/8,9
switchport allowed vlan add 6 untagged
switchport pvid 6
exit
interface range ethernet 0/10,11
switchport allowed vlan add 7 untagged
switchport pvid 7
exit
interface range ethernet 0/12,13
switchport allowed vlan add 8 untagged
switchport pvid 8
exit
interface range ethernet 0/14,15
switchport allowed vlan add 9 untagged
switchport pvid 9
exit
interface range ethernet 0/16,17
switchport allowed vlan add 10 untagged
switchport pvid 10
exit
interface range ethernet 0/18,19
switchport allowed vlan add 11 untagged
switchport pvid 11
exit
interface range ethernet 0/20,21
switchport allowed vlan add 12 untagged
switchport pvid 12
exit
interface range ethernet 0/22,23
switchport allowed vlan add 13 untagged
switchport pvid 13
exit
interface range ethernet 1/0,1
switchport allowed vlan add 14 untagged
switchport pvid 14
exit
interface range ethernet 1/2,3
switchport allowed vlan add 15 untagged
switchport pvid 15
exit
interface range ethernet 1/4,5
switchport allowed vlan add 16 untagged
switchport pvid 16
exit
interface range ethernet 1/6,7
switchport allowed vlan add 17 untagged
switchport pvid 17
exit
interface range ethernet 1/8,9
switchport allowed vlan add 18 untagged
switchport pvid 18
exit
interface range ethernet 1/10,11
switchport allowed vlan add 19 untagged
switchport pvid 19
exit
interface range ethernet 1/12,13
switchport allowed vlan add 20 untagged
switchport pvid 20
exit
interface range ethernet 1/14,15
switchport allowed vlan add 21 untagged
switchport pvid 21
exit
interface range ethernet 1/16,17
switchport allowed vlan add 22 untagged
switchport pvid 22
exit
interface range ethernet 1/18,19
switchport allowed vlan add 23 untagged
switchport pvid 23
exit
interface range ethernet 1/20,21
switchport allowed vlan add 24 untagged
switchport pvid 24
exit
interface ethernet 1/27
switchport allowed vlan add 25 untagged
switchport pvid 25
exit
interface ethernet 0/24
switchport allowed vlan add 25 untagged
switchport pvid 25
exit
interface range ethernet 1/24,25
switchport allowed vlan add 26 untagged
switchport pvid 26
exit
interface range ethernet 0/25,27
switchport allowed vlan add 27 untagged
switchport pvid 27
exit
interface ethernet 0/26
switchport allowed vlan add 25 untagged
exit
interface ethernet 1/26
switchport allowed vlan add 25 untagged
exit
