do traffic
// 1G
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/0,3 file packet_EMI.txt
// 2.5G
send port 1/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 1/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 1/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 1/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 1/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 1/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/24 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/24 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/24 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/24 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/24 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/24 file packet_EMI.txt
// 10G
send port 1/25 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 1/25 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 1/25 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 1/25 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 1/25 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 1/25 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 1/25 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 1/25 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 1/25 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 1/25 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 1/25 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 1/25 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 1/25 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 1/25 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 1/25 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 1/25 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 1/25 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 1/25 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 1/25 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 1/25 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/27 file packet_EMI.txt
send port 0/27 file packet_EMI.txt
end
