do configure
interface range ethernet all
switchport allowed vlan remove 1
exit
interface range vlan device 0 vid 2-15
exit
interface range ethernet 0/0,3
switchport allowed vlan add 2 untagged
switchport pvid 2
exit
interface range ethernet 0/2,5
switchport allowed vlan add 3 untagged
switchport pvid 3
exit
interface range ethernet 0/4,7
switchport allowed vlan add 4 untagged
switchport pvid 4
exit
interface range ethernet 0/6,9
switchport allowed vlan add 5 untagged
switchport pvid 5
exit
interface range ethernet 0/8,11
switchport allowed vlan add 6 untagged
switchport pvid 6
exit
interface range ethernet 0/10,13
switchport allowed vlan add 7 untagged
switchport pvid 7
exit
interface range ethernet 0/12,15
switchport allowed vlan add 8 untagged
switchport pvid 8
exit
interface range ethernet 0/14,17
switchport allowed vlan add 9 untagged
switchport pvid 9
exit
interface range ethernet 0/16,19
switchport allowed vlan add 10 untagged
switchport pvid 10
exit
interface range ethernet 0/18,21
switchport allowed vlan add 11 untagged
switchport pvid 11
exit
interface range ethernet 0/20,23
switchport allowed vlan add 12 untagged
switchport pvid 12
exit
interface range ethernet 0/22,26
switchport allowed vlan add 13 untagged
switchport pvid 13
exit
interface range ethernet 0/24,25
switchport allowed vlan add 14 untagged
switchport pvid 14
exit
interface range ethernet 0/1,27
switchport allowed vlan add 15 untagged
switchport pvid 15
exit
